---
layout: "post"
title: "LEGO"
data: 2021-09-08
categories: hobbies
---

I'm sure just about anyone can recognize a LEGO brick, the brand is just that recognizable. It's a toy that has been around for generations, and effecting generations of kids. However, some of us never quite grow out of it. 

There's something special about the LEGO brick itself. The sets, the pieces, and the company itself has some type of odd charm to it. For most of my childhood I loved LEGO, building and playing with the sets was one of my favorite things to do. I would have "wars" between the various factions that I created. Sometimes it would be LEGO vs stuffed animals, or I might bring in my transformers, or other types of toys. However, what really brought the play experience together was incorporating different things that I had built. That's what makes LEGO so special: the ability to create anything, with the only limitations being the pieces in-front of you, and your imagination. 

I was obsessed with LEGO until my early teens, where my interest started to fall off. I never adopted the "LEGO is for kids" thought process, but simply had no interest in buying more. From 2013-2020 I never really had a second thought about buying LEGO again. However, Covid-19 changed that for me.

With Covid-19 in full force during the summer of 2020, I wasn't doing all that well. I was slipping back into a depressive state. I was experiencing a lack of motivation, and a feeling of dread/regret as it felt as if I wasn't making any considerable progress on myself or my career. For some reason one day I had LEGO on the mind, I can't recall quite why, but in that moment was likely the strongest desire I've ever had to buy something before. I consulted my father, as I like to hear what his opinion is on personal/internal conflicts. He told me to go for it, and I did. 

Since then my LEGO addiction has gotten a tad out of hand. I currently have 6 LEGO sets sitting in my closet waiting to be built, and I have many more I want to purchase. While LEGO is fairly expensive, I am not someone who spends a whole lot of money, so splurging on LEGO sets every month or so doesn't hurt my finances all too much. 

LEGO has recently been putting more of a focus towards the adult audience. As well as releasing sets to get non-LEGO fans to purchase a set. Sets like the soccer stadiums, Adidas shoe, space sets, etc have a demographic outside the hardcore LEGO fans. 